Karats Official Rules

GOLDEN SWEEPSTAKES RULES & REGULATIONS (“RULES”) 

YOU WILL BE REFERRED TO AS A “USER”, “ENTRANT”, “PARTICIPANT”, OR SIMPLY “YOU”

NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO REGISTER FOR OR TO ENTER ANY  PROMOTION OF GOLDEN (“GOLDEN PROMOTION”) MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE GOLDEN WEBSITE LOCATED AT WWW.GOLDENVOLUNTEER.COM OR ON THE APPs OF GOLDEN (“PLATFORM”).

A GOLDEN PROMOTION IS TO OFFER PRIZE (S) FOR THOSE WHO ENTER.

THE ENTITY OR ORGANIZATION OFFERING THE PRIZE IS THE “PRIZE PROVIDER”. IF YOU WIN, YOU ASSUME ALL RISK OF LIABILITY OF THE PRIZE (S) AND ANY DAMAGES RESULTING THEREFROM.

CHARITABLE DONATIONS MAY BE SOLICITED IN CONNECTION WITH A GOLDEN PROMOTION AND FUNDS RAISED FOR A CERTAIN 501(C)(3) NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATION RECOGNIZED BY THE I.R.S. (REFERRED TO AS  “CHARITABLE BENEFICIARY”)

THIS SWEEPSTAKE IS VOID WHERE OTHERWISE PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW. ALL FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS APPLY.

ALTHOUGH GOLDEN PROMOTIONS INCLUDES A RANDOM DRAWING (“DRAWING”) FOR A PRIZE (OR PRIZES), ENTRIES INTO DRAWINGS ARE PROVIDED AS AN EXTRA BONUS FOR USERS, USERS MAY ENTER A GOLDEN PROMOTION AT ANY TIME WITHOUT PAYMENT BY A FREE ENTRY.

1. STRUCTURE OF A GOLDEN PROMOTION: Golden, directly, or in partnership with, the Edward Charles Foundation dba Solid Foundation (“ECF”) will partner with a Prize Provider for a Golden Promotion (the “Prize”) to individual participants (“Entrants”) who complete an Entry into any Golden Promotion as described below.

These Rules govern any Golden Promotion.

2. ENTERING A GOLDEN PROMOTION: Entrants may enter any Golden Promotion by completing any of the following methods of Entry (“Entry”) to earn an Entry into the Drawings (each an “Entry” or “Entries” and each person receiving an Entry, an “Entrant”):

Mail a letter or postcard to: Solid Foundation, ℅ ECF, 269 S Beverly Dr #338, Beverly Hills, CA 90212 (“Free Entry”).
Legibly hand print your complete name, street address (no P.O. Boxes), city, state/province, zip or post/postal code, daytime phone number, age, email address (if available), the name of the specific Promotion that you wish to enter, and the following statement “I have read and agree to the Rules” on a postcard and mail it to: Solid Foundation, ℅ ECF, 269 S Beverly Dr #338, Beverly Hills, CA 90212, by the applicable Mail Date described in Section 4 below ("Free Mail-in Entry").
Visit the Golden website and complete the registration form for the applicable Golden Promotion. Enter the Golden Promotion during the Promotion Period by completing various actions, outlined below, within the Golden Platform. The Golden Platform includes the Golden Volunteer Opportunities iOS App available for download in the Apple Mobile App Store at https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/golden-volunteer-opportunities/id1059267723?mt=8, the Golden Android App available for download in the Google Play store at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.goldenvolunteer.golden&hl=en_US, or any other eligible web-based portal powered by Golden the Golden. A Golden account is required to enter. If you don’t already have an account, visit our Platform to create one. It is free to create an account. To earn entries, log in to your Golden account on our Platform and complete the tasks listed in the following webpage during the Promotion Period in order to earn Karats: https://goldenvolunteer.com/karats. Automated or robotic Entries submitted by individuals or organizations will be disqualified. Entry must be made by the Entrant. Any attempt by Entrant to obtain more than the stated number of Entries by using multiple/different email addresses, identities, registrations, logins or any other methods, including, but not limited to, commercial contest/sweepstakes subscription notification and/or entering services, will void Entrant's Entries and that Entrant may be disqualified. Final eligibility for the award of any Prize is subject to eligibility verification as set forth below. All Entries must be posted by the end of the Promotion Period in order to participate. Sponsor's database clock will be the official timekeeper for the applicable Golden Promotion.
 
3. NUMBER OF ENTRIES. The number of Entries you will receive will be dictated on how many Entries are submitted under Section 2 above. For Free Mail-in Entries, you shall be awarded a number of Entries equal to the average (median) amounts of Entries awarded to the total amount of all Entrants from all Methods of Entry in the Golden Promotion.

4. ELIGIBILITY. A Golden Promotion is open to legal residents of the fifty United States and the District of Columbia who have reached the age of majority in the states of residence subject to applicable law. Employees of Golden, ECF or Prize Provider for the applicable Promotion, and members of their immediate families, are not eligible to enter. In addition, while we encourage participation from all Users, the Golden Promotion or Prizes may be limited to legal residents of the United States or may be subject to restrictions that prohibit residents of certain countries from participating. YOU ARE NOT REQUIRED TO MAKE A DONATION TO ENTER a promotion, AND YOU are always encouraged to submit Free Mail-in Entries. Void in all countries on the United States list of embargoed countries and in countries where local laws prohibit Entry. In all cases, this Golden Promotion is void where prohibited by law.

5. PROMOTION PERIODS. Unless otherwise stated, a Golden Promotion shall commence at 12:00:01 A.M. Pacific Time (“PT”) and ending at 11:59:59 P.M. PT on the days specified on the Experience details page(each a “Promotion Period”).

6. WINNER SELECTION AND NOTIFICATION. On or about 5 – 10 days following the close of the Promotion Period, Golden will conduct the Drawing to select the specified number of finalists. The decisions of Golden and its agencies are final and binding regarding all aspects of the Golden Promotion. The potential winner(s) will be notified by phone, email or regular mail at the discretion of Golden. Winner(s) will be required to sign an affidavit of eligibility, liability and where legal, a publicity release, which must be returned within seven days of notification, as well as any other documents necessary to verify the winner’s identity and background, including but not limited to a background check. Golden reserves the right to select a new winner from the finalists in the event that the first winner is unable to claim their prize, and/or poses a viable threat to the Prize Provider in any way. Golden reserves the right to require a minimum dollar amount of donations (“Minimum”) before a Drawing will be conducted as posted on the Golden website.

7. PRIZES. A description of the Prize and the Prize restrictions will be posted at the Golden Platform. The Prize description shall be deemed a part of these Rules and is incorporated by referenced herein. The Prize cannot be transferred or substituted, except by Golden in its sole discretion. Golden reserves the right to substitute a Prize of equal or greater value. All federal state and local taxes are the responsibility of the winner.

8. PRIZE CONDITIONS/RESTRICTIONS: All other expenses (including taxes and licenses) are the responsibility of the winner.

9. PUBLICITY GRANT. Winner(s), by acceptance of Prize, except where prohibited, grants permission for Golden, ECF and/ or Prize Provider and their designees to use his/her name, address (city and state), photograph, voice, video, and/or other likeness and Prize information for advertising, trade and promotional purposes without further compensation, in all media now known or hereafter discovered, worldwide in perpetuity, without notice or review or approval, unless otherwise prohibited by law.

10. GOVERNING LAW/JURISDICTION. The Rules are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of California applicable to contracts made and performed entirely in California and where the relevant contacts are with such state. Except where prohibited, as a condition of participating in the Golden Promotion, each participant agrees that any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with Golden Promotion, the Prize awarded or the determination of the official winner shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action. Participant further agree that in any cause of action, Golden, ECF and the Prize Provider’s liability will be limited to the cost of entering and participating in the Promotion, and in no event shall they be liable for attorneys’ fees and/or experts’ fees and costs. Participants waive the right to claim any damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to, punitive, consequential, direct, or indirect damages and participants further waive all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.

11. PRIVACY AND DATA COLLECTION: When you enter the Golden Promotion, the Golden website will collect certain information about you. Please review the privacy policy of Golden. By participating in the Golden Promotion, you agree to all of the terms and conditions of this privacy policy of Golden.

12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:  Golden and ECF (the “Released Parties”) are not responsible for any damages, claims losses in relation to the Prize itself. You assume all such risk. Additionally, illegible, lost, late, incomplete, misdirected, or undeliverable e-mail; or for any computer, telephone, satellite, cable, network, electronic or Internet hardware or software malfunctions, failures, connections, or availability, or garbled, corrupt or jumbled transmissions, service provider/Internet/web site/use net accessibility, availability, or traffic congestion, or any technical, typographical, or other error, or unauthorized human intervention, or the incorrect or inaccurate capture of registration information, or the failure to capture, or loss of, any such information is your responsibility. Released Parties assume no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, or technical error. If, for any reason an Entry is confirmed to have been erroneously deleted, lost, corrupted or otherwise destroyed, or for any other reason not accepted as an Entry into the Golden Promotion, your sole remedy is a return of funds. If, for technical reasons, the Golden Promotion is not capable of running as planned, Golden reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Golden Promotion and return funds. You acknowledge that Golden has no obligation whatsoever with respect to such Prize, including, without limitation, any responsibility for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law. In the event of any complaint, issue, or failure related to any Prize, the applicable winner shall look only to the Prize Provider for assistance or support.

13. BINDING NATURE, WAIVER, INDEMNIFICATION: By entering a Golden Promotion, you agree: (a) to be bound by these Rules and by all applicable laws and decisions of  Golden, which shall be binding and final; (b) to waive any rights to claim ambiguity with respect to these Rules; (c) to waive all of your rights to bring any claim, action, or proceeding against the Released Parties in connection with the Promotion; and (d) to forever and irrevocably agree to release, defend, indemnify, and hold harmless each of Golden and the Released Parties from any and all claims, lawsuits, judgments, causes of action, proceedings, demands, fines, penalties, liability costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable outside attorneys’ fees) that may arise in connection with: (i) the Promotion or the Prize, (ii) typographical or printing errors in these Rules or any promotion materials, (iii) any change in any Prize (or any components thereof) due to unavailability, or due to reasons beyond Sponsor’s control, (iv) any interruptions in or postponement, cancellation, or modification of any Promotion, (v) human error, (vi) incorrect or inaccurate transcription, receipt or transmission of any Entry, (vii) any technical malfunctions or unavailability of any telephone network, computer system, computer online system, computer timing and/or dating mechanism, computer equipment, software, or Internet service provider, or mail service utilized by Golden, any of the Released Parties or by you, (viii) interruption or inability to access any online service via the Internet due to hardware or software compatibility problems, (ix) any lost/delayed data transmissions, omissions, interruptions, defects, and/or any other errors or malfunctions, (x) any late, lost, stolen, mutilated, misdirected, illegible, delayed, garbled, corrupted, destroyed, incomplete, undeliverable or damaged Entries, (xi) any wrongful, negligent, or unauthorized act or omission on the part of any of the Released Parties, (xii) lost, late, stolen, misdirected, damaged or destroyed Prizes (or any element thereof), or (xiii) the negligence or willful misconduct by you.

14. GENERAL CONDITIONS. ECF and Prize Provider are not responsible for lost, late, incomplete, damaged, inaccurate, stolen, undelivered or garbled Entries or for human, mechanical, electronic, network, or typographical errors otherwise relating to or in connection with the Promotion. ECF and Prize Provider are also not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by tampering, hacking or by any equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Promotion. ECF and Prize Provider are not responsible for injury or damage to participants’ or to any other person’s computer related to or resulting from participating in this Golden Promotion or downloading materials from or use of the web site. Persons who tamper with or abuse any aspect of the Promotion or Golden website, who are in violation of these Rules, as solely determined by Golden, will be disqualified and all associated entries will be void. Should any portion of a Golden Promotion be, in Golden’s sole opinion, compromised by virus, worms, bugs, non-authorized human intervention or other causes which, in the sole opinion of the Golden, corrupt or impair the administration, security, fairness or proper play or submission of entries, Golden reserves the right at its sole discretion to suspend, modify or terminate the Golden Promotion and, if terminated, at its discretion, select the potential winner[s] from all eligible, non-suspect entries received prior to action taken using the drawing procedures outlined above. Entrants, by participating, agree that ECF and Prize Provider will have no liability whatsoever for, and shall be held harmless by Entrants against, any liability for any injuries, losses or damages of any kind, including death, to persons, or property, resulting in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from the acceptance, possession, misuse or use of the Prize or participation in this Promotion. In the event of a dispute regarding entries received from multiple users having the same e-mail account, the authorized subscriber of the e-mail account at the time of Entry will be deemed to be the Entrant and must comply with these rules. Authorized account subscriber is the natural person who is assigned the e-mail address by the Internet Service Provider (ISP), on-line service provider, or other organization responsible for assigning e-mail addresses.

15. WINNER LIST. For the name[s] of the winner[s] send a self-addressed stamped envelope to: Solid Foundation, ℅ ECF, 269 S Beverly Dr #338, Beverly Hills, CA 90212. Winner List requests will only be accepted after the applicable Promotion’ end date and requests must be received no later than thirty days after such end date.