What are Karats?


Karats is the new social currency that reflects your meaningful contributions to society. It’s a currency that isn’t about having more, but being more. 

At Golden, we strive to live in our Golden Moments; those moments that tie us to the people around us - when you are happy where you are, and you know it.

We want to help you live in more of your Golden Moments and have created Karats to do just this - to recognize meaningful contributions, provide a way to celebrate Golden Moments with others, and offer a chance at once-in-a-lifetime experiences.

Why are they called Karats?


Karats is a fun play on our name, Golden. You’ve probably heard the term 14K, 18K, or 24K in reference to gold. Gold is often measured in weight or quantity, but karats are a measure of gold quality, and is a nod to the notion that it isn’t about how much you have, but how much you are.

How do Karats work?


Earn Karats by completing Golden Opportunities and sharing Reflections

You'll also earn Karats whenever someone completes an Opportunity they signed up for using your Deep Link or as your registered guest!

 

Send Karats as a way to recognize others for being Golden

For helping you fix a flat, passing a test, being inspiring, or just 'cause! 

 

Opt into drawings for a chance at once-in-a-lifetime Experiences 

When you share your profile with friends or the public, you’ll be automatically entered in to drawings for extraordinary opportunities (like sitting court-side at the Lakers!)

 

Check out your Current Karats 

As you Earn, Send, and Receive Karats, this number will fluctuate. When the drawing closes, this will be your number of entries!


How do I get Karats?

You can earn Karats by:
Completing Golden Opportunities - you will receive 1 Karat per 15 minutes of volunteering at a Golden Opportunity when verified by the organization. 
Completing Reflections for your completed Golden Opportunities - When you complete a Golden Opportunity, you will be prompted to leave a Reflection, a rating, comment, and optional photos. Earn 1 Karat when you complete Reflections 
Completing an Opportunity with a friend - During Sign Up for a Golden Opportunity, you have the option to sign up and bring a guest. You will earn 2 Karats per guest when they complete the Golden Opportunity. 
Encouraging Others to complete Golden Opportunities - When you click the share button [image] on an Opportunity, we generate a unique link just for you that we like to call Golden Share Links. When others sign up for an opportunity via this link, we are able to track it, and give you credit that you’ll see in your Deep Influence. We also track if that person completes the Opportunity, and you’ll earn 2 Karats per person that completes a Golden Opportunity using your Deep Link.
 

You can receive Karats from:

Golden Users - users can send others a Karat

How long does it take for Karats to show up?


To earn Karats, for either your own Opportunities or those of a guest/referral, an Opportunity must be completed, meaning that the hours must be verified. Golden does this several ways:

Geolocation - This is the best and fastest way to verify hours. When you enable location services for the Golden App, we can automatically check you in and out using your location. 
Kiosk/QR Code - Organizers also have the option of checking in users at the events either manually using our Check-In Kiosk, or by having you scan a QR code, both of which will verify your attendance on the spot. However, it is up to the organizer if they choose to use these tools.
Manual - After an opportunity has passed, Organizers can verify attendance via the Dashboard on their own time. However, we cannot guarantee how soon an organizer will complete this, it could be right after or take several days. If you’re not using one of the two previousprior check-in methods, please allow 3-7 days for verification.
 

Karats sent to you, or that are earned by completing Reflections will be processed immediately.

Who can I send a Karat to?


Anyone! Send Karats to others using phone, email, or Facebook, even if they’re not a Golden user. When a non-Golden User is sent a Karat, all they have to do is use the link you sent them to create an account and claim it.

What's the difference? Sent v. Earned v. Received v. Lifetime v. Current Karats?


Sent - Number of Karats your have sent to others

Received - Number of Karats others have sent you

Earned - Number of Karats you have earned from completing Golden Opportunities, Reflections, and encouraging others to complete Opportunities.

Lifetime - Total number of Karats you have earned and received (all time)

Current - Number of Lifetime Karats minus number of Sent Karats. Think of this as a balance, it is the number of Karats you have left to send to others. Current Karats are also used for drawings - whenever a drawing closes (countdown reaches zero), the number of Current Karats you have at that time will be the number of entries you have into that drawing.

Who is eligible for Drawings/Experiences?

Karats are best when shared with others, whether it is an Opportunity, a Reflection, or sending a Karat. Sharing these activities helps to inspire others and foster community. To do this though, your profile’s default privacy setting must be set to Public or Friends Only, which is why only users with this setting will be eligible for and entered into Drawings. 

Private Users can still earn and send Karats, but will not be eligible for drawings.

Please see Official Rules for full eligibility information. 

How do I enter Drawings?

Be eligible for drawings by setting your default privacy setting to either Public or Friends
Build up your Current Karats Balance. Click here (link to how to get karats) to see how.
When the countdown for an Experience hits zero and the drawing closes, the number of Current Karats you have will be the number of entries you have automatically entered. And don’t worry, no Karats are deducted for being in drawings!
Check out the Official Rules for alternative method of entry.

Will entering Drawings make my Karats go down?

Drawings are a fun bonus for our dedicated users, being in drawings does not deduct any Karats.
 
How do I know if I was chosen for an Experience?
Drawing participants that are chosen will be contacted by a Golden representative via the email address linked linked to their Golden account. All emails regarding Experiences and Drawings will come from an official @goldenvolunteer.com email address. Keep an eye out, as this email must be replied to within 7 days, or another participant will be chosen.

Where will winners be announced?
Winners will be announced within the Golden Drawings feed. Please see Official Rules for instructions on how to request the winner list.

Where can I find the Official Rules for Karats?

The Karats program rules can be found here https://www.goldenvolunteer.com/karats-rules/.


